### Learn
# Text Input
If we want to create an input field in our `<form>`, we’ll need the help of the `<input>` element.

The `<input>` element has a type attribute which determines how it renders on the web page and what kind of data it can accept.

The first value for the type attribute we’re going to explore is "text". When we create an `<input>` element with type="text", it renders a text field that users can type into. Note that the default value of type is "text". It’s also important that we include a name attribute for the `<input>` — without the name attribute, information in the `<input>` won’t be sent when the `<form>` is submitted. We’ll explain more about submissions and the submit button in a later exercise. For now, let’s examine the following code that produces a text input field:

```
<form action="/example.html" method="POST">
  <input type="text" name="first-text-field">
</form>
```

After users type into the `<input>` element, the value of the value attribute becomes what is typed into the text field. The value of the value attribute is paired with the value of the name attribute and sent as text when the form is submitted. For instance, if a user typed in “important details” in the text field created by our `<input>` element:

When the form is submitted, the text: `"first-text-field=important details"` is sent to `/example.html` because the value of the `name` attribute is `"first-text-field"` and the value of value is `"important details"`.

We could also assign a default value for the `value` attribute so that users have a pre-filled text field when they first see the rendered form like so:

```
<form action="/example.html" method="POST">
  <input type="text" name="first-text-field" value="already pre-filled">
</form>

```

### Instructions
* Let’s start with creating a login form for our users.
  Inside the provided `<form> `element, add an `<input>` element with a `type` attribute of `"text"`.

* Even though we’re not submitting the form, let’s develop some good habits by giving the `<input>` a `name` attribute with a value of `"username"`.
* Let’s see what happens if we add a `value` attribute with a value of `"Davie"`

### Questions
* Why does input not require a closing tag?
* What’s the difference between the name and id attributes?
* How can I create a default value that disappears when the user types in the form?