### Learn
# Checkbox Input
In a `<form>` we would use the `<input>` element and set `type="checkbox"`. Examine the code used to create multiple checkboxes:

```
<form>
  <p>Choose your pizza toppings:</p>
  <label for="cheese">Extra cheese</label>
  <input id="cheese" name="topping" type="checkbox" value="cheese">
  <br>
  <label for="pepperoni">Pepperoni</label>
  <input id="pepperoni" name="topping" type="checkbox" value="pepperoni">
  <br>
  <label for="anchovy">Anchovy</label>
  <input id="anchovy" name="topping" type="checkbox" value="anchovy">
</form>

```

Notice in the example provided:


* there are assigned values to the `value` attribute of the checkboxes. These values are not visible on the form itself, that’s why it is important that we use an associated `<label>` to identify the checkbox.

* each `<input>` has the same value for the name attribute. Using the same name for each checkbox groups the `<input>`s together. However, each `<input>` has a unique id to pair with a `<label>`.

### Instructions
* Time to add some toppings! In the `<section>` with `class="toppings"`, there are two `<label>`s but no associated `<input>` elements. Add an `<input>` element associated with the first `<label>`.
 
  The created `<input>` should have:
    * an `id` set to `"lettuce"`.
    * a `name` attribute with a value of `"topping"`.
    * a `type` set to `"checkbox"`
    * a `value` of `"lettuce"`.

* Add another `<input>` element and associate it with the second `<label>`.
  The `<input>` element should have:
    * an `id` set to `"tomato"`.
    * a `type` set to `"checkbox"`.
    * a `name` attribute with a value of `"topping"`.
    * a `value` of `"tomato"`.

* Two choices are good, but it would be better to have even more.
  Add another `<input type="checkbox">` and `<label>` pair. Assign the name of the `<input>` to "topping". You’re free to decide the value and id but make sure that your new `<label>` and `<input>` are associated.

### Questions
* How is name used for grouping?
* What is the purpose of the value attribute?
* Does the order of label and ID matter?